# Harold

* Class: mage alchemist
* Religion: none?
*   Bio: he was once the friendly neighbor mage alchemist who had a small shop in the main city "PLACEHOLDER CITY 1". When this city was attacked in "PLACEHOLDER DATE" by an enemy nation, his daughter was killed. His emotional pain was so vast that he couldn't bear it anymore and tried to suicide a few times and eventually succeeded but between death and life a the demon "Asmodeus", who feeds on the people's pain making him stronger could not let Harold die as he is a precious source of energy for the demon, and proposed him a pact: Harold would do evil deeds for him and the demon would eventually give his daughter back to him. Year after year the demon kept feeding on his pain and bad feelings and kept always postponing to fulfill the end of his bargain till Harold understood that the demon would never give back his daughter.

    Even more depressed and angry for the evil deeds he committed in the demon's name he searched for months a way to nullify the pact and found only one way: he had to transfer the pact to another person who would have to commit the bad deeds or the body would suffer (need to develop this more). As he couldn't bear to give this curse/pact to anyone else he decided to create a living being to whom transfer the curse. He used all his knowledge to create a living being using genes from 4 different races, one of which has huge regenerative ability. He picked these 4 genes to give the being the ability to sustain damage deriving from not fulfilling the deeds the demon asked, because in case of her death the pact would fall back to the previous owner.

    The story should develop in a way to unveil all these facts piece by piece from the side-stories of the asassain char and various chat dialogues. In the end there should be a final confrontation between the assassin and the demon and Harold where in the end Harold sacrifices his life to save the assassin because he grew to consider her his own daughter
